Feature 3596 web UI ssl keystore (#3599)
mercedes-benz/sechub: sechub-web-ui-solution/helm/web-ui/README.md

<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT --->
# SecHub Web UI

This Helm chart is used to deploy the SecHub Web UI to a Kubernetes cluster.

## SSL certificates and keys

### Default SSL setup
The web-ui container image is shipped with initially created self-signed certificates.

### User-provided SSL keystore

> If you want to provide your own "official" certificates,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to provide your own valid certificates (not self-signed!),
```
